Input files necessary to reproduce the results in the TCV miller scan paper (Hoffmann et al. 2026). A description of the generated dataset and its structure can be found in `SCANDATA.md`.

### Gkeyll simulations:
These are the file used to run the Gkeyll simulations (https://github.com/ammarhakim/gkeyll, Git commit hash `75c25360e3de`).

- `tcv_miller_scan_input.c`: Gkeyll input file for TCV miller scan simulations. It can take as input the parameters for elongation, triangularity, and core energy source to run a specific simulation from the scan.

- `generate_miller_scan.py`: Python script to generate the 256 Gkeyll folders and input files for the TCV miller scan. It also generates a slurm submission script to submit many Gkeyll instances in many nodes (see `python generate_miller_scan.py --help` for usage). This script needs `tcv_miller_scan_input.c` and `Makefile` as templates to generate the input files for the scan.

### Post-processing and analysis:
The following post-processing and analysis scripts need to have the `pygkyl` library installed (see `https://github.com/Antoinehoff/personal_gkyl_scripts`).

- `gather_metadata.py`: Python script to traverse the scan folders and gather simulation diagnostics (e.g. core/edge/separatrix/SOL density/temperature/fluxes etc.) in a single `.h5` file. Can run in parallel using the `multiprocessing` Python module.

- `scan_analysis`: Python module with functions to perform analysis of the metadata gathered by `gather_metadata.py` and generate plots.

- `tcv_miller_scan_analysis.ipynb`: Jupyter notebook to load the `.h5` file generated by `gather_metadata.py` and perform the analysis of the TCV miller scan. It generates some of the plots shows in the paper and uses the source code in the `scan_analysis` directory.


### Linear GK (GYACOMO) simulations:
These are the file used to run the linear gyrokinetic simulations with GYACOMO (https://github.com/Antoinehoff/gyacomo, Git commit hash `2f2cd3a`).

- `linear_gk_scan.py`: Python script to generate the input files for linear GYACOMO runs with parameters generated from a metadata file of the TCV miller scan. It will write add the growth rates and frequencies in the metadata file, for each simulation in the scan. Can run in parallel using the `concurrent` Python module.

- `gyacomo_interface`: Python module to interface with GYACOMO, i.e. generate input files, run simulations, and process the output to, e.g., extract growth rates and frequencies.